you know what else made an appearance on
cable news last night commercial for the
Trumpy bear have you seen this okay
Trumpy bear is a stuffed bear ah
targeted at who I don't know but this is
a real commercial for a real product the
wind whispered through the forest a
storm is coming
I am the storm the Great American
grizzly introducing the original Trumpy
bear god Bless America and God bless
Trumpy bear the small business owner
business is great again thank you trophy
there that's a G you know I wonder who
else might love the Trumpy bear I was
torn away from my mom at the border but
that's okay I have my Trumpy bear
Trumpy bear you're my new mom I get
pulled over at least once a day for no
good reason
but now I can make the police smell my
partner jumpy there I
Trumpy bear and he paid me two thousand
dollars to keep quiet
thanks Trumpy bear isn't just a bear
he's a whole lot more find the secret
zipper and below the cozy American flag
themed blanket keep digging and there
are more treasures to be found like this
framed photo of
a half-eaten cheeseburger Trumpy bear
tanning goggles a six-piece KFC meal a
dead baby doc and best of all a fully
loaded assault rifle order the super
plush Trumpy bear now for only two
payments of 1995 don't miss out on
owning a piece of American history that
was made in China order in the next five
minutes and receive a free Kellyanne
giddy every time she opens her Meowth
lies for out Trumpy Baron Kelly I'm
Kitty are highly flammable resistant or
not for anyone over or under the age of
12 available at Walgreens thanks for
watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed